document new Activity.SetStatus API (#3144)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Api/README.md

OpenTelemetry defines a concept called
[Status](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#set-status)
to be associated with `Activity`. Starting with [DiagnosticSource
6.0](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource/6.0.0),

> `SetStatus` API on `Activity` may be used to set status and status description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SetStatus` API on `Activity` can be used to set the status and description
```

as shown below:

```csharp
activity?.SetStatus(ActivityStatusCode.Ok);
activity?.SetStatus(ActivityStatusCode.Error, "Error Description");
```

All the official
[Exporters](../../docs/trace/extending-the-sdk/README.md#exporter) shipped from

> this repo supports the above shown mechanism of setting status.

Reviewer 2: nit: support*

#### Setting Status - DiagnosticSource version older than 6.0

> Prior to [DiagnosticSource

Reviewer: Do we even need this? (e.g. the 1.2.0 version of the SDK would require S.D.DS >= 6.0?)

Author: leaving it here until 1.2 stable is out.
